Context: Bee Swarm Simulator - Bear

An exclamation point that appears if an NPC has an available quest, or a quest has been completed for the respective NPC.
In Bee Swarm Simulator, there are bears located throughout the map. Bears are in-game characters that players can interact with and some have no function at all. 18 bears have made an appearance so far, currently you can find them all in game.
Most bears can give quests for various rewards such as royal jelly, tickets, treats, or an egg for players to use and more. Other bears give players a special multiplier like Science Bear's _Science Enhancement_ or Polar Bear's _Polar Power_. Quest bears are a major element in the game as they give tips, challenges, and sometimes even secret codes that can be redeemed for rewards to players.
Quest Bears[]
Quest bears are bears found in places around the whole map. Unlike traveling bears, these bears are permanent and will stay in the game unless they are removed by Onett. They can all interact with the player and give quests for a reward and have dialogue for the player to read. There are currently nine quest bears in the game. Onett, Gifted Bucko Bee, Gifted Riley Bee, Digital Bee (NPC) "Digital Bee \(NPC\)"), and Honey Bee (NPC) "Honey Bee \(NPC\)") are also quest givers. However, they are not bears. Onett is a robloxian NPC, and the others are bees. Digital Bee does not talk to the player, nor does it have quest meters, making it unique from other quest NPCs.
Fact: The Black Bear in Bear has/costs Mother Bear, Brown Bear, Panda Bear, Robo Bear.
Fact: The Science Bear in Bear has/costs Dapper Bear, Polar Bear, Spirit Bear.
Traveling Bears[]
These bears can interact and give quests just like the quest bears. However, they appear and give quests for a limited time. Their last quest reward is usually a unique item that was previously not available in the game.
Currently, there are three traveling bears in the game: Sun Bear appeared numerous times from 2018 to 2023, most recently in front of the Sunflower Field as part of the Games event. Bee Bear can be seen in the current 2026 Beesmas Event in front of the Dandelion Field, and also appeared in every previous Beesmas. Gummy Bear gave out quests from May 26 to June 24, 2018, which awarded a Gummy Bee Egg at the end of the questline. He later returned in his current location — his lair — but he currently does not give quests (except during Beesmas), placing him in this category.
Fact: The Sun Bear in Bear has/costs Gummy Bear, Bee Bear.
Shop Bears[]
These bears are located inside the eponymous shops. Unlike Quest Bears or Traveling Bears, they cannot interact with dialogues nor give quests to the player, rather they idle in the same place. All of these bears have the Noob Skin color and use the "Smile" Roblox face.
Fact: The Noob Bear in Bear has/costs Pro Bear, Top Bear.
Other Bears[]
There are only three bears that are not currently beneficial to the player. Unlike other bears, they don't give quests or run shops, but instead attack the player, or in the case of Shadow Bear, has no current function. The Tunnel Bear and Shadow Bear are hidden in brushed-off locations, while the Snowbear requires Panda Bear's Beesmas quest to be completed before being summoned. If they are found (or summoned), the player may be rewarded with loot. Likewise, if the player finds Shadow Bear under the platform past the Bear Gate, they can attempt to collect the Diamond Egg near him. During Beesmas you could also summon a Snowbear and try to defeat it to get snowflakes.
Fact: The Tunnel Bear in Bear has/costs Shadow Bear, Snowbear.
Trivia[]
* Mother Bear, Spirit Bear, Dapper Bear, and Robo Bear, are the only permanent quest bears added in an update. All the other permanent bears were already there when the game was first released.
* Mother Bear and Spirit Bear are the only female bears in the game.
* Top Bear and Dapper Bear are the only shop-keeping bears added in updates.
* It was possible to kill Top Bear if a Rogue Vicious Bee spawned in the Mountain Top Field. However, this was patched by giving Top Bear infinite HP.
* Black Bear, Brown Bear, Panda Bear, Polar Bear, Gummy Bear, Sun Bear, and Spirit Bear are the only bears who are based off of specific real-world counterparts.
Fact: The Quest Bears in Bear has/costs Black Bear •  Mother Bear •  Brown Bear •  Panda Bear •  Science Bear  Dapper Bear •  Polar Bear •  Robo Bear •  Spirit Bear.
Fact: The Traveling Bears in Bear has/costs Sun Bear •  Gummy Bear •  Bee Bear.
Fact: The Shop Bears in Bear has/costs Noob Bear •  Pro Bear•  Top Bear.
Fact: The Mobs in Bear has/costs Tunnel Bear •  Snowbear.
Fact: The Miscellaneous in Bear has/costs Shadow Bear.