Context: Bee Swarm Simulator - Beesmas Tree

Beesmas Tree
_Not to be confused withBeesmas Tree Hat, a Beequip with a similar name._
The Beesmas Tree.
The Beesmas Tree is a feature that appeared during Beesmas 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2024 and 2025. The Beesmas Tree allows the player to view their collected ornaments, who they are from, and what boosts they give. The tree is located in front of the Ant Gate, near the Noob Shop, and next to the hives.
Beesmas 2025[]
The Beesmas Tree made another return in Beesmas 2025, functioning the exact same way as during Winter Beesmas 2024. Conducting a gift exchange with an NPC would grant players an ornament that would grant special boosts on the Beesmas Tree.
The bottom row holds five ornaments. They are given, from left to right, from Black Bear, Mother Bear, Brown Bear, Panda Bear, and Science Bear. The second row of the tree holds another five ornaments. They are, from left to right, from Polar Bear, Dapper Bear, Onett, Spirit Bear, and Robo Bear. The third row of the tree holds four ornaments. They are, from left to right, from Gifted Riley Bee, Gifted Bucko Bee, and Stick Bug. The ornaments on the 4th row of the Beesmas Tree hold two ornaments. They are, from left to right, Honey Bee and Gummy Bear. The ornament on the top of the tree is Bubble Bee Man's ornament.
Hidden at the bottom of the tree, there is 1 Whirligig along with 5 Bitterberries. On top of the trunk of the Beesmas Tree, there is 1 Gingerbread Bear token.
Beesmas 2024 (Winter)[]
The Beesmas Tree made another return in 2024's Winter Beesmas, functioning the exact same way as during Summer Beesmas 2024. Conducting a gift exchange with an NPC would grant players an ornament that would grant special boosts on the Beesmas Tree.
The bottom row holds five ornaments. They are given, from left to right, from Black Bear, Mother Bear, Brown Bear, Panda Bear, and Science Bear. The second row of the tree holds another five ornaments. They are, from left to right, from Polar Bear, Dapper Bear, Onett, Spirit Bear, and Robo Bear. The third row of the tree holds four ornaments. They are, from left to right, from Gifted Riley Bee, Gifted Bucko Bee, Stick Bug, and Sun Bear. The ornaments on the 4th row of the Beesmas Tree are currently unknown, though it can be assumed they are Honey Bee and Gummy Bear. The ornament on the top of the tree is Bubble Bee Man's ornament.
There is a Neonberry token under the Beesmas Tree and 25 Snowflakes token at the top of the trunk of the Beesmas Tree.
Beesmas 2024 (Summer)[]
The Beesmas Tree made another return in 2024's Summer Beesmas, functioning the exact same way as during Beesmas 2022. Conducting a gift exchange with an NPC would grant players an ornament that would grant special boosts on the Beesmas Tree.
The bottom row holds five ornaments. They are given, from left to right, from Black Bear, Mother Bear, Brown Bear, Panda Bear, and Science Bear. The second row of the tree holds another five ornaments. They are, from left to right, from Polar Bear, Dapper Bear, Onett, Spirit Bear, and Robo Bear. The third row of the tree holds three ornaments. They are, from left to right, from Gifted Riley Bee, Gifted Bucko Bee, and Stick Bug. The ornaments on the 4th row of the Beesmas Tree are currently unknown, though it can be assumed they are Honey Bee and Gummy Bear. The ornament on the top of the tree is Bubble Bee Man's ornament.
There is a Neonberry and Whirligig token under the Beesmas Tree and a Gingerbread Bear token at the top of the trunk of the Beesmas Tree.
Beesmas 2022[]
The Beesmas Tree made another return in 2022, functioning the exact same way as during Beesmas 2021. Conducting a gift exchange with an NPC would grant players an ornament that would grant special boosts on the Beesmas Tree.
The bottom row holds five ornaments. They are given, from left to right, from Black Bear, Mother Bear, Brown Bear, Panda Bear, and Science Bear. The second row of the tree holds another five ornaments. They are, from left to right, from Polar Bear, Dapper Bear, Onett, Spirit Bear, and Robo Bear. The third row of the tree holds three ornaments. They are, from left to right, from Gifted Riley Bee, Gifted Bucko Bee, and Stick Bug. The ornaments on the 4th row of the Beesmas Tree are currently unknown, though it can be assumed they are Honey Bee and Gummy Bear. The ornament on the top of the tree is Bubble Bee Man's ornament.
There is a Neonberry token under the Beesmas Tree and a Robo Pass token at the top of the trunk of the Beesmas Tree.
Beesmas 2021[]
The Beesmas Tree made another return in 2021, functioning the exact same way as during Beesmas 2020. Conducting a gift exchange with an NPC would grant players an ornament that would grant special boosts on the Beesmas Tree.
The bottom row held five ornaments. They were given, from left to right, from Black Bear, Mother Bear, Brown Bear, Panda Bear and Science Bear. The second row of the tree held another four ornaments. They were, from left to right, from Polar Bear, Dapper Bear, Onett, and Spirit Bear. The third row of the tree held three ornaments. They were, from left to right, from Gifted Riley Bee, Gifted Bucko Bee, and Stick Bug. An additional three ornaments could also be added to the tree, and they were, from left to top, Honey Bee (NPC) "Honey Bee \(NPC\)"), Gummy Bear, and Bubble Bee Man.
There is a Honeysuckle token at the bottom, a Neonberry to the left, a Whirligig token, and a Smooth Dice token above the Beesmas Tree.
Beesmas 2020[]
The Beesmas Tree returned in 2020, and it functioned the same. To put ornaments on the tree the player needed to collect and give presents to each corresponding NPC. In exchange, the player would receive their ornament along with a few special boosts.
The Gingerbread Bear under the Beesmas Tree.
The bottom row held four ornaments. They were given, from left to right, from Black Bear, Mother Bear, Brown Bear, and Panda Bear. The second row of the tree held another four ornaments. They were, from left to right, from Science Bear, Polar Bear, Onett, and Spirit Bear. The third row of the tree held three ornaments. They were, from left to right, from Gifted Riley Bee, Gifted Bucko Bee, and Stick Bug. An additional three ornaments could also be added to the tree, and they were, from left to top, Honey Bee (NPC) "Honey Bee \(NPC\)"), Gummy Bear, and Bubble Bee Man.
There was a Gingerbread Bear token at the bottom and a Neonberry token at the top of the trunk of the Beesmas Tree.
Beesmas 2019[]
To put ornaments on the tree, the player had to complete the quest of the corresponding NPC, then talk to them. The ornament would then automatically go onto the tree.
Some ornaments on the Beesmas Tree.
The bottom row of the tree held four ornaments. They were given, in order from left to right, from Black Bear, Mother Bear, Brown Bear, and Panda Bear. The second row of the tree held another four ornaments. They were, from left to right, from Science Bear, Polar Bear, Onett, and Spirit Bear. The third row of the tree held three ornaments. They were, from left to right, from Gifted Riley Bee, Gifted Bucko Bee, and Stick Bug. The ornament placed on the highest row of the tree was from Bubble Bee Man.
There was a Field Dice, 5 Gumdrops, and 5 Moon Charms located in the Beesmas Tree. On the top of its trunk, there were 10 Bitterberries. To access the platform and the token on it, players had to glide down from on top of Noob Shop or drop down from the Ant Gate.
Trivia[]
* The Beesmas Tree uses the same model as the Christmas Tree Roblox hat.
Fact: The Fields in Beesmas Tree has/costs **Sunflower Field • Dandelion Field • Mushroom Field • Blue Flower Field • Clover Field • Spider Field • Bamboo Field • Strawberry Field • Pineapple Patch • Stump Field • Mixed Brick Field • Blue Brick Field • Red Brick Field • White Brick Field • Cactus Field • Pumpkin Patch • Pine Tree Forest • Rose Field • Ant Field • Hub Field • Mountain Top Field • Coconut Field • Pepper Patch**.
Fact: The Shops in Beesmas Tree has/costs **Basic Egg Shop • Boost Market • Treat Shop • Gumdrop Shop • Royal Jelly Shop • Ticket Shop • Noob Shop • Pro Shop • Magic Bean Shop • Badge Bearer's Guild • Dapper Bear's Shop • Stinger Shop • Mountain Top Shop • Blue HQ • Red HQ • Hub Field Shop • Robo Bear's Shop • Petal Shop • Coconut Cave • Ticket Tent • Robux Shop**.
Fact: The Gates in Beesmas Tree has/costs **Basic Bee Gate • Brave Bee Gate • Honey Bee Gate • Ant Gate • Lion Bee Gate • Bear Gate • Windy Bee Gate**.
Fact: The Machines in Beesmas Tree has/costs **Honey Dispenser • Royal Jelly Dispenser • Treat Dispenser • Instant Converter • Wealth Clock • Moon Amulet Generator • Memory Match • Blue Field Booster • Red Field Booster • Field Booster • Blueberry Dispenser • Strawberry Dispenser • Honeystorm • Special Sprout Summoner • Free Ant Pass Dispenser • Ant Pass Dispenser • Glue Dispenser • Blender • Coconut Dispenser • Mythic Meteor Shower • Free Robo Pass Dispenser • Robo Pass Dispenser • Sticker Stack • Sticker Printer • Nectar Condenser**.
Fact: The Transportation in Beesmas Tree has/costs **Slingshot • Yellow Cannon • Blue Cannon • Red Cannon • Blue Teleporter • Red Teleporter**.
Fact: The Leaderboards in Beesmas Tree has/costs **Daily Top Honeymakers • All-Time Top Honeymakers • All-Time Top Battlers "All-Time Top Battlers \(Most Battle Points\)") • Top Ant Exterminators • Fastest Crab Slayers • Top Stick Bug Fighters • Top Bucko Bee Helpers • Top Riley Bee Helpers • Most Commando Captures • Top Brown Bear Helpers • All-Time Top Red Collectors • All-Time Top Blue Collectors • All-Time Top White Collectors • Daily Top Red Collectors • Daily Top Blue Collectors • Daily Top White Collectors • Highest Damage to a Single Puffshroom • Tallest Sticker Stack • Highest Robo Bear Challenge Scores • Highest Snowbear Level • Highest Robo Party Cake Rank**.
Fact: The Places in Beesmas Tree has/costs **Hive • Obstacle Courses • King Beetle Lair • White Tunnel • Werewolf's Cave • Ant Challenge • Star Hall • Gummy Bear's Lair • Ant Challenge Info • Vicious Bee Egg Claim • Gummy Bee Egg Claim • Wind Shrine • Mazes • Hive Hub • Sticker-Seeker Quest Machine**.
Fact: The Locations in Beesmas Tree has/costs ****Beesmas Tree** • Ornament Presents • Computer • Gift Boxes • Honey Wreath • Stockings • Gingerbread House • Snowbear Summoner • Beesmas Lights • Samovar • Beesmas Feast • Onett's Lid Art • Galentine Shrine • Winter Memory Match • Snow Machine • Honeyday Candles • Robo Party Cake • Gummy Beacon • Naughty List**.