Context: Bee Swarm Simulator - Gingerbread House

Gingerbread House
The Gingerbread House after being assembled by completing Mother Bear's Beesmas quest.
The Gingerbread House is a Beesmas-exclusive machine which can be assembled after completing Mother Bear's Beesmas quest.
It sits between Mother Bear and the Treat Shop. When activated, the house gives 1 Gingerbread Bear for every 2 playtime hours, which can be built up over time.
If the player attempts to use the Gingerbread House before it is completed, it will display text that reads: This Gingerbread House is far from complete...
Overview[]
The Gingerbread House has gumdrops for decorations at the corners, a Gingerbread Bear in the middle, and a candy cane acting as a possible chimney.
Its only use is to produce a Gingerbread Bear every 2 in-game hours. If the player is offline, it does not generate any, unless they have redeemed an Offline Voucher, in which it will stay active for up to 24 hours after they log out.
Upon completing the quest, the Gingerbread House can be used immediately for one Gingerbread Bear.
Gallery[]
The incomplete setup on Gingerbread House before completing Mother Bear's beesmas quest.
Example of a player claiming their gingerbread after 44 in-game hours.
Trivia[]
* The Gingerbread House stores multiple gingerbread bears at the same time, meaning that multiple gingerbread bears can be collected in one go after 4 or more hours.
* Even though the cooldown to collect resets once it was collected , the timer for generating gingerbread bears does not. For example, if a player with 3 hours in-game checks the house, they will only get 1 gingerbread bear and the cooldown will reset to 2 hours. The timer saves that extra hour, so the player will get 2 gingerbread bears if they collect after 3 more hours (6 hours total).
* This now has been changed and now the timer saves.
* The Gingerbread House was introduced in Beesmas 2020, and has returned on each Beesmas since.
* Quest givers such as Bee Bear require the player to interact with the Gingerbread House a varying amount of times.