Context: Bee Swarm Simulator - Glitch Token

Glitch Token
Glitches , or bugs , are situations that can occur in-game that are unintended, and thus likely to be patched in future updates. Some of these glitches can be detrimental to gameplay while others are mostly visual and won't affect players. "Glitches" caused purely or partially by internet are not listed.
Mob Glitches[]
Mobs Unable to Move[]
Coconut Crab stuck in the Coconut Cave during 2022-07-20. Image taken from a video on Reddit.
Occasionally, a mob will get trapped in the collision box of certain objects around it. This usually renders them unable to move or escape, which makes killing them easier. The mob can still be attacked and will still drop rewards normally. This glitch seems to happen primarily to Mantises when they leap into objects, such as a wall. Sometimes, the King Beetle gets stuck in the corner which says "Song Name" near it, making it easy to kill him. This can also happen to Stick Bug in certain places.
Fact: Mobs Unable to Move[] requirement: In mid-2022, during the days of July 19–20, 22-31, and August 2–3, all mobs (Excluding the Werewolf, Stick Bug, Tunnel Bear, Wild Windy Bee, Rogue Vicious Bee, and Aphids) would be frozen in place upon entering the area they spawn in. Affected bosses include the Coconut Crab, King Beetle, and Stump Snail. This makes killing them easier, as the mobs will not be able to voluntarily attack the player. On 2022-07-21, Onett would fix this glitch (temporarily) and added the code "FrozenBugReboot" to suffice for the glitch. The glitch would become fixed and unfixed for multiple weeks until 2022-08-03, when Onett would finally fix the glitch permanently in servers of version 448+..
Collapsing Mobs[]
A collapsed Ladybug.
This glitch is purely visual, but it can be triggered when a mob, such as a Ladybug or Rhino Beetle is defeated while it is trying to move. The mob's head or any other part can move inward. This glitch seems more common with the Ladybug and Spider.
Floating Stick Nymph[]
This bug is where a stick nymph is left floating above a field, even after the challenge has ended.
Stick Bug in King Beetle's Lair[]
Occasionally, stick bug can phase through Clover Field and drop down into the King Beetle's Lair as seen in this video. The cause of this glitch is currently unknown
Cub Buddy Stuck in Bag[]
When a cub buddy goes inside a bag in the Pro Shop or Mountain Top Shop, it can’t get out. When in the bag, they can't be interacted with.
An example of a Cub Buddy being stuck in a bag.
Enormous Mob HP/Timer Bars[]
This visual glitch occurs when a mob first spawns in. This is because mobs are coded to have a very large default HP/timer number (usually 1,300,400,000) before quickly switching to the normal amount. If the player suffers from bad internet or the server is having issues, it might take a little longer for the number to switch over.
Snowbear Leaving the Spider Field[]
Sometimes, if the snowbear gets Mind Hacked, it will wander out of the field, sometimes getting stuck. It can even potentially wander out of the 5 Bee Zone.
Confused Commando Chick[]
If the player stands on the entrance to Commando Chick's lair, putting them on the elevated floor and inside the spawn area of Commando Chick at the same time, Commando Chick will not be able to damage the player by touching them. Commando Chick can still damage the player with grenades and the glitch making it go on the ledge while in egg form.
Speedy Commando Chick Glitch[]
This glitch occurs randomly when Commando Chick spawns. Commando Chick's feet become stuck in the ground, and it will move around extremely quickly only stopping when hiding in its egg. This bug can occur in conjunction with the Moving Commando in Egg glitch.
Grenade Rain[]
This glitch can be performed by constantly exiting and entering the Commando Chick's hideout repeatedly, causing the Commando Chick to spawn and despawn while summoning two grenades at a time. The grenades can kill players inside the hideout. This glitch can be annoying for people that are in the hideout that just want to defeat their Commando Chicks. Very rarely, if the player does this enough, it will knock the fleeing Commando Chick into the ground. It will stay there as the new Commando Chick does its normal behavior. After around 5 seconds, it will despawn.
Fallen Mondo Chick[]
Occasionally, Mondo Chick may fall off of the Mountain Top Field into the Bamboo Field or the Pineapple Patch. Loot dropped from Mondo Chick's defeat will spawn inside the field it was defeated in, and if it fails to reach a field before this happens it spawns no loot at all. This glitch is a result of Mondo entering its egg just close enough to the edge of the Mountain Top that the moment it leaves, if it moves in the correct direction, it falls out of the field.
Crashing Mondo[]
This sometimes happens when you let Mondo Chick despawn, when it does its leaving jump animation, it can sometimes crash into the Instant Converter or the Mountain Top Shop, spins back, lays for a few seconds before despawning,
Other Players' Mobs Attacking You[]
If a mob has no target (either because the target died or left the attack zone), the mob becomes capable of hitting anyone within its hitbox. This is noticeable when collecting pollen in the Coconut Field when your Coconut Crab has already been defeated. This glitch can be replicated when a player is fighting a Coconut Crab, and you are inside the player’s Coconut Crab’s hitbox. If the player dies or leaves, the Coconut Crab can damage you while traveling back to its spawn location. This can occur with any mob that has a set spawn location. Occasionally, this can also occur with Tunnel Bear. The cause of this glitch is unknown.
Invisible Coconut Crab[]
This glitch can occur if the player has bad internet or has set their graphics at 1. The coconut crab will become invisible and unable to attack using its abilities. However, you can still get damaged by the coconut crabs body if you come close to it, since the hitbox is still there even if it visually looks invisible.
Player Glitches[]
Talking to Spirit Bear with less than 35 bees[]
If the player has laggy internet or high ping, they can talk to Spirit Bear by gliding from the top of the Windy Bee Gate with less than 35 bees.
Shop Trap[]
This glitch can occur in any shop. When players reset with the shop open, they are unable to close the interface, as there is no button to do so. Players are able to exit the shop by resetting their character and spamming the E key, but this won't work all the time so players may have to reset a few times or rejoin. This mostly happens in Gummy Bear's Lair.
If the player activates the red field booster and quickly open the shop, the button for activating the red field booster will be on the screen instead of the "Close Shop" button. This will result in the player getting stuck inside the shop with no way to close it. The same glitch will occur if the player has a high-speed boost and runs towards the blender at the correct angle then quickly opens the sprinkler shop.
Invisible Splinter Trap[]
If a player respawns right as Stick Bug uses his Splinter Trap, they will still get the debuff. However, players will not see the pollen requirement to remove it and will continuously deal damage until death unless they fulfill the unknown pollen requirement.
Sticker Quests Buggy Progress Bar[]
Sticker requirements for a quest will reset to zero before moving back to the player's current progress.
Buff Stacking Glitch[]
6 Bear Morphs active at once.
On mobile, when exiting the app, usually you are kicked out of the game after a bit of time. However, sometimes you stay in-game. This potentially stacks up all the tokens and events, making it all happen at once, allowing you to have more than 2 Bear Morphs at once. As stated before, this may just be a visual glitch, but it could also potentially stack up to something like Inspire x50.
Broken Arm Glitch[]
Typically, because the player is constantly holding a tool, the player is permanently stuck with their arm sticking outwards, away from their body. Sometimes, however, a glitch can cause the players arm to be at rest rather than held up, which makes the tool stick out awkwardly facing the wrong direction. Normally, when the player uses their tool, their arm will be brought down and then back up to collect pollen, but when a player is under the effects of this bug, the arm is brought up, then down, up again, then back down. Visually, this makes it seem as though the tool collected pollen twice, when it is actually just a visual complication. This issue can be fixed by rejoining the game.
Bee Glitches[]
Stuck Vector Bee Glitch[]
During the Robo Bear Challenge, if a player collected the duplicate token of a triangulate ability token from a Vector Bee which is currently in the hive and not one of the bees that were chosen by the player during the Robo Bear Challenge, it will get stuck in the air for a while and not move even after the round ends.
Summoned Bee Glitch[]
If the player enters the Robo Bear Challenge while there is a summoned bee in their hive, such as the ones spawned by Onett's Lid Art, Honeyday Candles, or the Gummy Beacon, the bees will be teleported to the white circle on the players hive and be stuck there until they finish their despawn timer, even if the player finishes the Robo Bear Challenge beforehand.
Visual/Audio Glitches[]
Negative Sprout Numbers Glitch[]
An example of the sprout glitch.
When the player pops a sprout too quickly or if a player has high ping, the numbers that show the amount of pollen needed will show the excess pollen that was collected with a negative sign in front of it. If a sprout is popped normally, it will show small negative numbers for a split second before disappearing. The numbers will go below the field, as well as turning red, and if the number of pollen collected is high enough it will turn purple.
Phantom Token[]
This glitch can happen when a player joins the game while a Honeystorm or Snowstorm is active, after a sprout has been popped, or by other means because the token appeared almost exactly when the player joined. Images of tokens are visible, but not the token itself. Players cannot collect phantom tokens. The phantom tokens remain until the player leaves. This can also happen on PC if you leave the game minimized for too long, causing the lag to prevent visual token despawning. A similar effect can be observed with flames.
Examples[]
A phantom pineapple token.
A phantom jelly bean token
A phantom strawberry token.
A phantom honey token.
Honeystorm/Mythic Meteor Shower Fog[]
The no fog glitch (Honeystorm).
This glitch happens when a Honeystorm, Snowstorm (from Beesmas 2020, 2021, and 2022), or Mythic Meteor Shower is active and a switch between day and night occurs: the fog disappears. This does not end these events; the fog is just invisible. Similar to the fog disappearing, if a Honeystorm or Snow Storm is summoned during a Mythic Meteor Shower (or vice versa), the fog will override to the newer spawn. Afterward, the fog will disappear.
Red Hive Slot Glitch[]
Red Hive Slots.
This glitch makes a hive slot look red. To activate it, click and hold a random consumable from the inventory that doesn't give bond (gumdrops, magic beans, etc.) and use it as if it were to be fed to a bee. To fix it, players can either rejoin the game or click another random item (tickets and Spirit Petals won't work). This also works on empty hive slots but instead of turning the empty hive slot red, it will turn white. Using consumables that can be used outside of fields, like Red and Blue Extracts, can cause multiple bees to have red Hive Slots.
Amulet Glitches[]
A player's amulets stuck above the bamboo field.
A somewhat rare glitch can sometimes happen where amulets either turn black or clump together near the Spider Field. There is no known way to consistently replicate this but rejoining the game fixes the problem.
Green Hotbar Glitch[]
The green hotbar glitch
This glitch causes the player's hotbar to become green. To do this glitch, all players need to do is move an item from their items tab that can go to their hotbar and then close their item tab still holding the item. Then, let go of the item, and the hotbar should stay green. It will stay green until the player drags something to their hotbar, and let go of it without closing the items tab.
Stick Bug Music Glitch[]
This glitch occurs if the Stick Bug Challenge is started and it ends at night. Instead of playing the normal nighttime music, it will instead play the music that plays in the respective area the player is in. This is because the Stick Bug Challenge doesn't account for whether or not it's day or nighttime when changing the music back.
Translation Glitch[]
This glitch occurs when the player is playing Bee Swarm Simulator in a language other than English. The cooldown timer on objects that the player can interact with will show the same numbers for every second / minute / hour that passes, preventing the player from knowing the remaining cooldown time. The pollen numbers on quests also will glitch, and the name of some mobs will translate to their literal translation. Symbols like a plus (+) may also be swapped for other symbols like a slash (/) and other things may occur.
Examples[]
A glitched Wealth Clock cooldown timer.
A glitched pollen number on a Black Bear quest.
In this quest the player needs to defeat 8 Mantises, but the word "Mantises" instead of being translated to its correct translation, was translated to "8"
Note that the bar is filling, but the numbers are the same.
A ☑️ checkmark emoji appearing instead of the ☢️ radiation emoji due to translation errors.
Invisible Party Robots[]
Invisible Party Cogturrets.
If the player joins while a Robo Party is in progress, all of the Party Robots will appear invisible. The player will still be able to attack them and collect their loot, and the Party Robots will be able to harm the player.
Fact: Invisible Party Robots[] statistic: ### Uncounted Quest Pollen[].
Occasionally, the progress bar of a quest's task will appear as if it isn't progressing, even as the player is actively doing the task. This is fixed by closing and opening the quest tab again.
Item Glitches[]
Sprinkler Glitch[]
When the player jumps and use a sprinkler multiple times then they can stack sprinklers on top of each other or put them close together, which can have some usages.
Combo Coconut Blue Circle not working[]
Even if the player catches the first Combo Coconut within the blue circle, it will go to another player's field instead of staying on it like intended.
Rocket Launcher Glitch[]
In the Retro Swarm Challenge, shooting yourself or another player with the Rocket Launcher tool can sometimes cause the player to be sent flying erratically, flinging in a similar fashion to many other ROBLOX games.
Other Glitches[]
Honey/Field Grandmaster Badge Glitch[]
If the requirement for a badge is equal to or more than 10,000,000,000 of _n_ , and you finish the requirement, the badge will only show "_n_ / _n_ " rather than "_n_ / _n_ Complete! Press to collect.".
Double Passive Supreme Star Amulet for 490 Billion Honey[]
If the player has between 490 billion and 500 billion honey, they will still receive the prompt to generate a double passive Supreme Star Amulet for 500 billion honey upon using the Supreme Star Amulet Generator. If they select yes, they will receive a double passive SSA for 490 billion honey.
Ghost Sticker Glitch[]
If a player places a sticker down on the Public Sticker Board and someone else claims it very quickly, it could possibly leave a ghost sticker on the board. This sticker cannot be seen by other players and is not claimable, yet it still can be interacted with.
Retro Swarm Challenge Map Shift[]
A video showcasing the fractured map.
For an unknown reason, the map of Retro Swarm Challenge will shift, leaving 2 big gaps, one in front of the hives, and the other in front of the spawner. The map would then push players and brick walls towards a hole near the hive. Players and mobs can fall through these holes, but players would teleport back to their hives when they are out of the map's range. Mobs that fall off the map will be considered killed, and the players would advance to the next round.
Buff Rejoin Glitch[]
Puffshroom Blessing, Festive Nymph Blessing and Robo Party Blessing stop applying after rejoining a server despite it still displaying. A player has to refresh the desired buff after a rejoin to keep it working.
Unpeelable Sticker Glitch[]
Sometimes, certain stickers might not be peeled off of your hive when using the 'Peel All' button. The sticker still appears on your hive, and shows as stuck to your hive in the sticker console, but cannot be interacted with at all.