Context: Bee Swarm Simulator - Hive

The Hive is where the player's bees go to rest when they run out of energy, to convert pollen to Honey, or when the player dies. Upon joining a server, the player must first claim a hive by following a red arrow and pressing "E" (on laptop, PC, etc.), "X" (On Xbox), "Square" (on Playstation) or tapping the "claim hive" button (Tablet, iOS, Android, etc.) to claim it. The player may hatch eggs and use Royal Jellies on hive slots to use them.
There are 6 hives in a server. A basic hive contains 25 slots for bees. The player can expand their hive by buying additional hive slots at the Mountain Top Shop. The maximum number of bees a hive can contain is 50, but the price of that many hive slots is quite high.
On top of the 6th hive, there is a statue of Onett, the game's creator "Onett \(Developer\)"). This statue can very rarely fall off and land in the rightmost hive.
Each bee's hive slot has the face of the bee icon in the bee's color. The background color of the hive slot is based on the bee's rarity; bronze for Common, white for Rare, bright yellow for Epic, aqua blue for Legendary, light purple for Mythic, and green for Event. If a bee is gifted, then a thin yellow glowing line will trace the hive slot border. If a bee is mutated, then the bee's level will turn a different color depending on the mutation.
The player can also customize their hive putting stickers on it, aswell as changing the color of the hive using hive Skin Stickers, they may also change the appearence of their Cub Buddy by placing Cub Buddy Skin Stickers in their hive.
Gallery[]
The old hive design before the 2018-07-10 update.
The old hive design before the 2024-01-12 update.
The new hive design after the 2024-01-12 update.
An unclaimed hive.
A server with no hive claimed.
A hive customized with stickers and a Basic Green Hive Skin.
Several hives in the Hive Hub.
A hive customized with stickers and an Icy Crowned Hive Skin.
Trivia[]
* Once a player dies, all of their bees return to the hive to rest, but do not recover energy. This is to prevent abusing resetting to get all bees to max energy.
* There was once a bug that could bypass this by resetting twice in a row, of which all the player's bees returned to the hive and recovered energy, and the energy would go back up to maximum. This could be abused if the player's best bee was out of energy. This bug has been patched; however, and attempting to do this won't recover their energy anymore.
* The statue of Onett on the top of the 6th hive has 38217 pollen in his Port-O-Hive, which is a reference to a code with the reward of 5 Tickets.
* The 2018-07-11 update introduced a glitch that when looking on another hive, it shows the wrong rarity. This is mostly patched, but still occasionally happens.
* Prior to the 2018-11-25 update, there were only 5 hives in the game.
* In the earlier days of Bee Swarm Simulator, bee faces on hive slots were bigger and they also used to sparkle depending on what rarity the bee was. The rarer the bee, the more sparkles they would've emitted (excluding the Basic Bee hive slot).
* The blue wall next to the leftmost hive wasn't solid after the 2019-04-05 update. Because of this, it was possible to bypass most of the gates without having the required number of bees. This was fixed in the following update.
* According to Onett "Onett \(Developer\)"), this was for a test when he was developing the game. However, he forgot to make the wall solid after testing.
* You can click on your bee's hive slot from any distance, as long as you click the face of the bee.
* A username will appear in a different font on a hive if that user has the Wavy Festive Hive Skin, Wavy Doodle Hive Skin, or Icy Crowned Hive Skin equipped.
Fact: The Fields in Hive has/costs **Sunflower Field • Dandelion Field • Mushroom Field • Blue Flower Field • Clover Field • Spider Field • Bamboo Field • Strawberry Field • Pineapple Patch • Stump Field • Mixed Brick Field • Blue Brick Field • Red Brick Field • White Brick Field • Cactus Field • Pumpkin Patch • Pine Tree Forest • Rose Field • Ant Field • Hub Field • Mountain Top Field • Coconut Field • Pepper Patch**.
Fact: The Shops in Hive has/costs **Basic Egg Shop • Boost Market • Treat Shop • Gumdrop Shop • Royal Jelly Shop • Ticket Shop • Noob Shop • Pro Shop • Magic Bean Shop • Badge Bearer's Guild • Dapper Bear's Shop • Stinger Shop • Mountain Top Shop • Blue HQ • Red HQ • Hub Field Shop • Robo Bear's Shop • Petal Shop • Coconut Cave • Ticket Tent • Robux Shop**.
Fact: The Gates in Hive has/costs **Basic Bee Gate • Brave Bee Gate • Honey Bee Gate • Ant Gate • Lion Bee Gate • Bear Gate • Windy Bee Gate**.
Fact: The Machines in Hive has/costs **Honey Dispenser • Royal Jelly Dispenser • Treat Dispenser • Instant Converter • Wealth Clock • Moon Amulet Generator • Memory Match • Blue Field Booster • Red Field Booster • Field Booster • Blueberry Dispenser • Strawberry Dispenser • Honeystorm • Special Sprout Summoner • Free Ant Pass Dispenser • Ant Pass Dispenser • Glue Dispenser • Blender • Coconut Dispenser • Mythic Meteor Shower • Free Robo Pass Dispenser • Robo Pass Dispenser • Sticker Stack • Sticker Printer • Nectar Condenser**.
Fact: The Transportation in Hive has/costs **Slingshot • Yellow Cannon • Blue Cannon • Red Cannon • Blue Teleporter • Red Teleporter**.
Fact: The Leaderboards in Hive has/costs **Daily Top Honeymakers • All-Time Top Honeymakers • All-Time Top Battlers "All-Time Top Battlers \(Most Battle Points\)") • Top Ant Exterminators • Fastest Crab Slayers • Top Stick Bug Fighters • Top Bucko Bee Helpers • Top Riley Bee Helpers • Most Commando Captures • Top Brown Bear Helpers • All-Time Top Red Collectors • All-Time Top Blue Collectors • All-Time Top White Collectors • Daily Top Red Collectors • Daily Top Blue Collectors • Daily Top White Collectors • Highest Damage to a Single Puffshroom • Tallest Sticker Stack • Highest Robo Bear Challenge Scores • Highest Snowbear Level • Highest Robo Party Cake Rank**.
Fact: The Places in Hive has/costs ****Hive** • Obstacle Courses • King Beetle Lair • White Tunnel • Werewolf's Cave • Ant Challenge • Star Hall • Gummy Bear's Lair • Ant Challenge Info • Vicious Bee Egg Claim • Gummy Bee Egg Claim • Wind Shrine • Mazes • Hive Hub • Sticker-Seeker Quest Machine**.
Fact: The Locations in Hive has/costs **Beesmas Tree • Ornament Presents • Computer • Gift Boxes • Honey Wreath • Stockings • Gingerbread House • Snowbear Summoner • Beesmas Lights • Samovar • Beesmas Feast • Onett's Lid Art • Galentine Shrine • Winter Memory Match • Snow Machine • Honeyday Candles • Robo Party Cake • Gummy Beacon • Naughty List**.