Context: Bee Swarm Simulator - Mud

Golf is a system that was introduced with the 2024-08-01 update as part of Bee Swarm Simulator's experience in "The Games" event and removed in the 2025-04-30 update.
Golf was used throughout Sun Bear's 2024 questline, his quests required the player to hit golf balls into holes, and to activate Targets. The golf quests were exclusive to Sun Bear when this mechanic was around.
Golf only appears in the Dandelion Field, Blue Flower Field and Sunflower Field.
Golf Balls[]
Golf Ball
Location
The Dandelion Field, Blue Flower Field, and Sunflower Field.
Fact: Location statistic: 100 - 100,000 (Pollen).
Fact: The Honey in Mud has/costs Level.
Fact: The Depends on the level when putt into a Hole. in Mud has/costs 1 - 8.
Golf balls have a pollen meter, which can be filled, similar to Puffshrooms and Blooms. When filled, the player can putt the ball, by collecting pollen near the ball when it's pollen meter is full. The further away the player stands, the farther and higher the ball will go. A hit golf ball collects pollen from flowers underneath it, however, they do not interact with mobs or bees but they do have collision with the environment and Pink Fences. Golf balls can also hit targets, giving the player some rewards. Unlike Puffshrooms and Blooms, the golf ball only has a single appearance and never levels up the more times you putt it. There is also no variation of golf balls.
Fact: The Health  Level in Mud has/costs Pollen Required.
Fact: The 1 in Mud has/costs 100.
Fact: The 2 in Mud has/costs 200.
Fact: The 3 in Mud has/costs 400.
Fact: The 4 in Mud has/costs 800.
Fact: The 5 in Mud has/costs 1,000.
Fact: The 6 in Mud has/costs 8,000.
Fact: The 7 in Mud has/costs 20,000.
Fact: The 8 in Mud has/costs 100,000.
Spawning[]
Golf Balls can only spawn in the Dandelion Field, Blue Flower Field and Sunflower Field. There can only be two Golf Balls in a field at any time. A new Golf Ball spawns after they are putted into a hole or sink into mud.
Effects
Putting a golf ball into a hole spawns 7 Honey tokens.
Appears in the Dandelion, Blue Flower and Sunflower Fields.
Holes are located in the Dandelion Field, Blue Flower Field and Sunflower Field. Putting the golf ball into a hole rewards a ring of 7 Honey tokens around the hole, which scales by the amount of points and the level of the golf ball. After putting a golf ball into a Hole, a new golf ball with a different level spawns.
Gallery[]
The text displayed when the player hits the ball into the hole in one try.
The text displayed when the player hits the ball into the hole in 2 tries.
Honey tokens around the hole after hitting the ball into it.
Targets[]
Effects
Hitting it with a Golf Ball gives rewards.
Appears in and around the Dandelion, Blue Flower and Sunflower Fields.
Targets can be found in and around the 3 fields, hitting them with a golf ball gives a few rewards. Targets can only be activated once, afterwards they turn green and can't be hit for rewards again.
Rewards[]
Fact: The Rewards  Location in Mud has/costs Rewards.
Fact: The Behind Bee Bear. in Mud has/costs 2 Treats, 3 Honeysuckles, 2 Tickets, 200 Honey..
Fact: The Left wall In The Blue Flower Field. in Mud has/costs 3 Blueberries, 1 Blue Extract, 3 Tickets, 750 Honey..
Fact: The Blue Flower Field next to the entrance to King Beetle's Lair. in Mud has/costs 1 Treat, 2 Blueberries, 3 Whirligigs, 1 Ticket, 600 Honey..
Fact: The In the Sunflower Field, infront of the Red HQ. in Mud has/costs 2 Treats, 3 Sunflower Seeds, 1 Oil, 2 Tickets, 750 Honey..
Fact: The In the Sunflower Field, on the nearby Instant Converter. in Mud has/costs 1 Royal Jelly, 1 Smooth Dice, 3 Sunflower Seeds, 2 Tickets, 750 Honey..
Gallery[]
The target after being hit.
An unactivated target.
The message seen after hitting a target.
Effects
Makes Golf Balls that stop on it respawn.
Appears in the Dandelion, Blue Flower and Sunflower Fields.
Mud is found on flowers in the Dandelion Field, Blue Flower Field and Sunflower Field. Mud tints all flowers underneath it brown. If a golf ball comes to a complete stop over mud, it sinks and a new golf ball spawns.
This is the same mud as the pattern Stick Bug turns into during the Stick Bug Challenge.
Gallery[]
The text seen when the golf ball sinks into Mud.
Mud in the Blue Flower Field.
Pink Fences[]
_Note: This mechanic has not been given an official name, but will be referred to as Pink Fences on this wiki._
Pink Fence
Effects
Blocks Golf Balls shot at it.
Appears in the Blue Flower Field and Sunflower Field.
Pink Fences are a set of transparent pink fences that can be found in the Blue Flower Field and Sunflower Field. The fences block Golf Balls shot at it.
They can only hit moving Golf Balls, and do not affect players, mobs, or any other mechanics.
Gallery[]
The Pink Fences in the Sunflower Field.
A Pink Fence inside the King Beetle's Lair.
Trivia[]
* The Golf Ball's model seems to be the "Golf Ball" made by Wink1g's Group.
* The Pink Fence in the Blue Flower Field can go inside of King Beetle's Lair.
* Onett "Onett \(Developer\)") planned on expanding the golfing mechanism to more fields, however this got scrapped.