Context: Bee Swarm Simulator - Paper Planter

Paper Planter
Datamined information:
* Some of the planter's stats are corrected from the in-game description.
* The probability of the planter spawning a puffshroom, and the probability of that puffshroom being a certain rarity.
* How the planter generates its loot.
Date of datamined file: December 19th, 2024
Assumptions made: How the planter generates its loot is unclear with only the datamined information. Some information has been verified (the number of tokens it spawns and the guaranteed items), but the rest are assumptions.
Paper Planter
_"A biodegradable pot that grows in about 1hr. Harvest to collect pollen, items, and Nectar boosts!_ "
Fact: Paper Planter requirement: 25,000 Honey, 1 Sunflower Seed..
GROW TIME BONUS
POLLEN CAPACITY
Fact: POLLEN CAPACITY statistic: 50,000 Pollen.
POLLEN MULTIPLIER
NECTAR MULTIPLIER
x0.75 Refreshing
x0.75 Comforting
x0.75 Satisfying
x0.75 Motivating
x0.75 Invigorating
BONUS ITEMS
The Paper Planter is a single-use planter added in the 2021-12-26 update. Alone, it grows in 1 hour and stores 50,000 pollen. It can be bought in the Pro Shop for 25,000 Honey and 1 Sunflower Seed. A player can store up to 100 Paper Planters at a time, but only 1 can be active.
It does not have any growth nor pollen multipliers, and grants x0.75 nectar.
Harvesting a fully grown Paper Planter has a 1/10 chance to spawn a Puffshroom. The spawned puffshroom is guaranteed to be a level 1 Common Puffshroom.
When claimed, the planter gives up to 10 tokens worth of items. The tokens are picked randomly from the following, non-exhaustive list (note that the list does not include rewards based on the field the planter is in):
* Other Drops
Sunflower Seeds (increments of 1,3,5,10)
Strawberries (increments of 1,3,5,10)
Pineapples (increments of 1,3,5,10)
Blueberries (increments of 1,3,5,10)
Royal Jellies
Enzymes (Increments of 1, 3, or 7, guaranteed from Pineapple Patch) (Unknown cooldown)
Oils (Increments of 1, 3, or 5, guaranteed from Sunflower Field) (Unknown cooldown)
Red Extracts
Blue Extracts
Honeysuckles
Coconuts(Only drops from Coconut Field)
Hard Waxes (Rare)
Star Jellies (Rare)
Purple Potions (Very Rare)
Super Smoothies (Very Rare)
Gold Eggs (Extremely Rare)
Caustic Waxes (Extremely rare)
Turpentines (Nearly Impossible)
Gallery[]
A Paper Planter growing.
The Paper Planter in Pro Shop.
A Paper Planter hosting a Puffshroom.
A newly placed Paper Planter.
A fully grown Paper Planter.
Paper Planters in a player's inventory.
Trivia[]
* This is the cheapest and fastest-growing planter in the game.
* It is one of the many planters to not be sold in Dapper Bear's Shop, the others being the Red Clay Planter, Blue Clay Planter, Festive Planter, Ticket Planter, Sticker Planter, Petal Planter, Hydroponic Planter and Heat-Treated Planter.
* This is the cheapest item in the Pro Shop in terms of honey, only costing 25,000 honey.
* This is the only item in the Pro Shop that is cheaper than an item in the Noob Shop, being the Helmet.
* This, the Ticket Planter and Sticker Planter the are the only one-time use planters that are renewable.
* This is the only planter in the game that stores more pollen than the honey it costs.
* It is one of the four planters that are one-time use. The remaining three are the Sticker Planter, Ticket Planter and the Festive Planter.
* It is also the only one-time use planter that can be bought from a store.
* This is also the only planter that _reduces_ nectar gained, multiplying all nectar by 0.75x. All other planters either boost nectar gain (although some of them only boost certain types) or do not change it at all.
Fact: The One-time Use in Paper Planter has/costs ****Paper Planter** •  Ticket Planter •  Sticker Planter •  Festive Planter**.
Fact: The Permanent in Paper Planter has/costs **Plastic Planter •  Candy Planter •  Red Clay Planter •  Blue Clay Planter •  Tacky Planter •  Pesticide Planter •  Petal Planter •  Heat-Treated Planter •  Hydroponic Planter •  The Planter Of Plenty**.