Context: Bee Swarm Simulator - Present 2018

Present/2018
Presents made their introduction in Beesmas 2018. They were needed to be delivered to do some quests from Bee Bear.
Unlike later years, you could not receive Ornaments from giving NPCs presents, as ornaments had not been added yet.
Ways to obtain[]
* Multiple quests from Bee Bear awarded a total of 6 Presents, along with other rewards.
* Onett gave 1 Present (along with other items) upon claiming a hive for the first time during the event's period.
* The code "ByeBeeBear" gave 1 Present.
* Multiple Present tokens were scattered throughout the map.
* Behind the presents that were by the Bee Bear during the event's period.
* On the top of the honeycomb in the Ace Shop in the Badge Bearer's Guild.
* Inside the Bear Gate with the Moon Parkour on the other side of Bubble Bee Man.
Recipients[]
Fact: The NPC in Present 2018 has/costs Requirements, Rewards.
Fact: The Black Bear in Present 2018 has/costs \-, 1,000 Honey.
x5 Sunflower Field Boost
Fact: x5 Sunflower Field Boost requirement: 1 Royal Jelly.
1 Magic Bean
Fact: 1 Magic Bean requirement: 1 Glitter.
Fact: The Mother Bear in Present 2018 has/costs \-, x5 Dandelion Field Boost.
Fact: Mother Bear requirement: 25 Tickets.
Fact: Mother Bear requirement: 50 Pineapples.
50 Blueberries
Fact: 50 Blueberries requirement: 50 Sunflower Seeds.
50 Strawberries
Fact: The Brown Bear in Present 2018 has/costs \-, x4 Clover Field Boost.
Fact: Brown Bear requirement: 1 Star Jelly.
Fact: The Panda Bear in Present 2018 has/costs \-, 5,000 Honey.
x4 Bamboo Field Boost
1 Rage Bee Jelly
Fact: 1 Rage Bee Jelly requirement: 15 Stingers.
Fact: 1 Rage Bee Jelly requirement: 10 Tickets.
Fact: The Science Bear in Present 2018 has/costs \-, x4 Pineapple Patch Boost.
Enzymes Buff
Fact: Enzymes Buff requirement: 3 Glues.
5 Royal Jellies
Fact: 5 Royal Jellies requirement: 1 Enzymes.
Fact: The Polar Bear in Present 2018 has/costs \-, x4 Pumpkin Patch Boost.
x10 Polar Power
Fact: x10 Polar Power requirement: 3 Oils.
2,500 Treats
Fact: The Onett in Present 2018 has/costs \-, x1 Boost for every field.
Enzymes Buff
50,000 Treats
5 Magic Beans
Fact: The Gifted Bucko Bee in Present 2018 has/costs NPC must have been given a Translator., x3 Boost for every Blue field.
Blue Extract Buff
Fact: Blue Extract Buff requirement: 5 Blue Extracts.
Fact: The Gifted Riley Bee in Present 2018 has/costs NPC must have been given a Translator., x3 Boost for every Red field.
Red Extract Buff
Fact: Red Extract Buff requirement: 5 Red Extracts.
Fact: The Stick Bug in Present 2018 has/costs NPC must have been given a Translator., 33,333,333 Honey.
Fact: Stick Bug requirement: 3 Enzymes.
Fact: Stick Bug requirement: 3 Stingers.
Fact: Stick Bug requirement: 3 Tickets.
⚠️ Summons Stick Bug Challenge
Dialogue[]
Fact: The NPC in Present 2018 has/costs Dialogue.
Fact: The Black Bear in Present 2018 has/costs Oh, hello there! _-Present Given-_ For me? You shouldn't have! Let's see what it is... Oh, a jar of honey imported from the tropics! I can taste distinct notes of banana and mango. Delicious! You know me too well. I've got you a little something as well. Merry Beemas!" _[sic]_.
Fact: The Brown Bear in Present 2018 has/costs What's up, bud? _-Present Given-_ Ah, of course! Time to exchange some Beesmas gifts. Let me see what you got me this year... Whoa! A 1 year subscription to Bearmazon Prime! I'll get so much out of this, you have NO idea! Thanks buddy. Here's a little something I know you'll love as well..
Fact: The Mother Bear in Present 2018 has/costs There is nothing more magical than Beesmas! _-Present Given-_ Ooooh! What a wonderful surprise! What could it possibly be? Aww! A lovely framed photo of me and my cubs. How incredibly sweet of you! Well now, I've got something for you as well. You didn't expect me to forget my favorite beekeeper on Beesmas, did you?.
Fact: The Panda Bear in Present 2018 has/costs What? _-Present Given-_ Oh yeah, Beesmas. What've you got here. ... WOW, an automatic monster respawn timer! Sends a notification every time the Werewolf respawns. That's a Beesmas gift I'll actually use. Thanks, I appreciate it. Oh, and here's something for you. Now let's get back to work. The bugs don't break for Beesmas..
Fact: The Science Bear in Present 2018 has/costs Enjoying the lights I strung up? _-Present Given-_ Ah yes, a Beesmas Gift! I'll have you know I'm hard to impress. Let's see... Oh! A textbook documenting rare, peculiar, and endangered languages! Oh look, unspoken language too: smoke signals, sign language, Silbo Gomero... This may offer some valuable insights that'll help forward my Translator project! Thank you very much. And here's something for you too, of course!.
Fact: The Polar Bear in Present 2018 has/costs My cousin's something else, isn't he? _-Present Given-_ Look, I love the winter. Cool and comfortable. But don't get me started on Beesmas. If you grew up with up my family, you'd be sick of it too. Bee Bear's not magical. He's a polar bear in a bee suit. But he brings me something delicious every year, so I can't complain. What did he whip up this time? Oooh yeahh! A 12 pack of frozen truffle and sharp cheddar mac-and-cheese meals! I'll heat some up right now, you and your bees have to try this. It's my favorite. ...(beep beep)... ...(szzzzzzzzzzz)... ...(DING)... Mmmmm, delicious! Everyone's got their quirks, you know. At the end of the day, Bee Bear is still a nice guy. Here, I've prepared something special for you too. Happy Honeydays!.
Fact: The Onett in Present 2018 has/costs The heck is Beesmas? A friend of mine on Roblox named Younite messaged me a few weeks ago, His friend Mah_Bucket has apparently been hosting a bee-themed Christmas event on Roblox for years! I couldn't say no! Seriously, it's called "Beesmas" and just look at this game. And when they showed me Bubble Bee Man I was in awe. But I don't have a good track record with getting out fast updates... I'm already late... It was only recently that I realized I've been twisting this lid the wrong way for months. So here we are, hope this cuts it for now. I'll need to do something again next week to close out the holidays. _-Present Given-_ Ooooo I wonder what this could be! lol Wow! A hastily drawn icon of a Christmas present! Thanks a lot. But you know what I really want? To go on vacation in January and not think about bees for a whole month. I’ve got some more lid-related things to attend to first. Here’s your secret reward for gifting a [Present] to me!".
Fact: The Gifted Riley Bee in Present 2018 has/costs Can't stand this cold! You know us here at the Red HQ - we're all about that HEAT! But you know what, I'd be lying if I said it didn't look pretty. _-Present Given-_ GET OUT!!!!!! Awee, see, I was right when I took you to be a fine beekeeper. And a good person too! So what'd you get me?? ... RIGHT ON! It's a strawberry scented air freshener! The kind you hang on the reer _[sic]_ view mirror of a car. I don't have a car, and I can't smell it very well out here... BUT I LOVE IT! Here, here - this is for you. MERRY BEESMAS from the Red Bees at the Red Headquarters!.
Fact: The Gifted Bucko Bee in Present 2018 has/costs The cool, calm spirit of winter of reflects the nature of us blue bees. Still yet thoughtful. Calm and steady. That's what gives us our edge. _-Present Given-_ Hah hah, of course you'd do this. Surprise me with a Present out of the blue! You're a stand up beekeeper, you know that? Let me just open this thing up... ...(krumple krumple)... Nice! Some tickets to see the Blue Bee Group in Vegas. Not sure how I'll get there or when I'll find the time to go, But it doesn't look like they expire. Now's your turn! A little something from all us Blue Bees at the HQ..
Fact: The Stick Bug in Present 2018 has/costs Beesmas is just another day. Like any other day, it's a day to boogie. Holidays come and go. They blow past me like leaves in the wind until they crumble away. But me and my nymphs, we've been dancing forever. Heh heh. _-Present Given-_ You're full of surprises, flesh-bug. Let's take a look in the box. A reel-to-reel machine? How did you fit this in there? Very cool. Let me set this up. ... Now let's give it a whirl..