Context: Bee Swarm Simulator - Tools

Fact: Tools statistic: **Tools** are items that can gather pollen. Some tools have special abilities that help assist in gathering pollen, while some collect better from certain colored flowers, which include white, red, and blue. All tools can be boosted through the Tool Pollen stat. The newest tool in the game was the Sticker-Seeker. There are currently twenty tools in the game..
Every player starts out with the Scooper. Better tools can be bought from different shops. The Noob Shop sells the cheapest tools, ranging from 0 - 14 thousand honey. The Pro Shop follows with tools ranging from 40 thousand - 1.5 million honey, while the Red HQ and Blue HQ both have 2 tools each that can range from 3.5 million honey - 2.5 trillion honey. The Mountain Top Shop has the fourth most expensive tools, with prices that range from 20 million - 150 million honey. The Petal Shop has the third most expensive tool at 1.5 billion honey. Currently, the most expensive tool in the game is the Gummyballer, which can be bought for 10 trillion honey and other various crafting materials in the Gummy Bear's Lair. Unlike any other tool, the Gummyballer can directly take goo off a field.
Fact: Tools statistic: The player can auto-click their pollen collector by holding down the mouse button on a computer. On a mobile device, holding on an open part of the screen does the same. Using Glue gives a 10-minute boost that grants x1.25 Tool Pollen and bees. Using a Purple Potion can also give x1.25 Capacity, x1.25 Convert Rate At Hive, x1.5 Red Pollen, x1.5 Blue Pollen, x1.3 Bee Gather Pollen, and x1.3 Tool Pollen for 15 minutes. There is also a glitch for computer in which holding down click then Ctrl + Esc or Alt + tab automatically uses your tool, but clicking the screen removes it. This can also be achieved by moving the mouse outside of the boundaries in windowed mode, but it can only be done on the launcher version of the app..
Twenty tools are currently available in the game:
*  Clippers
*  Super-Scooper
*  Electro-Magnet
*  Scissors
*  Honey Dipper
*  Bubble Wand
*  Sticker-Seeker
*  Golden Rake
*  Spark Staff
*  Porcelain Dipper
*  Petal Wand
*  Tide Popper
*  Dark Scythe
*  Gummyballer