Context: Bee Swarm Simulator - Void

Throughout the map, plenty of Easter Eggs can be found. Some of them have been removed, while some still exist.
Codes or hints for codes have been scattered across the map. They are written in white and are usually in peculiar places. The codes and their hiding places are:
_Cog,_ found at the top of Noob Shop (It was moved when the Star Hall was added in the 2018-07-11 update).
_38217,_ found on the Onett statue's backpack. The statue is the one on top of the rightmost hive. (The interactive NPC Onett has a different number on his backpack, which isn't a code.)
_Connoisseur,_ hint hidden behind the Brave Bee Gate Instant Converter.
_Crawlers,_ hint found in the King Beetle's Lair.
_Roof,_ found on top of the Red HQ.
_Wink,_ hint found in the White Tunnel.
Panda Bear last dialogue after completing his quest saying "BOPMASTER" based off of the code.
Tutorial Decals (Removed)[]
The help textures outside the map.
When starting the game or throughout, there is a help section which can be accessed by pressing the little red ? on the far right side. The textures used for the screenshots were able to be found underneath the map, by the side.
Puppy Bee with Reindeer Antlers and Festive Bee with Festive Wreath (Level 2)[]
Puppy Bee with Reindeer Antlers
The Puppy Bee with the Reindeer Antlers statue doesn't actually have the Antlers, but it's still called 'Puppy Bee with Reindeer Antlers' because of its nose. The Festive Bee with the Festive Wreath was added when Part 2 of Beesmas 2020 came, and was right next to Puppy Bee with Reindeer Antlers.
The Puppy Bee with Reindeer Antlers and Festive Bee with Festive Wreath can be found behind the wall of the Blue HQ outside the map.
You can get to this by:
1. Using a Red Cannon in combination with the parachute/glider to glide towards here.
2. Jump from a far distance towards here.
Festive Bee right next to Puppy Bee
Onett Statue[]
The statue is one of the easiest easter eggs to find and can be found on the top of the rightmost hive (6th hive). Behind him, there is a Royal Jelly. On his backpack you can see the number 38217, which is actually a code that will give you 5 tickets. You can get to him using a few methods.
1. Using the Yellow Cannon, Red Cannon, or Blue Cannon (only glider) in combination with the parachute/glider to glide to the top of the hive.
Fact: Onett Statue[] requirement: 2. On very rare occasions the statue will fall to the ground, and actually could be found inside the honeycombs within the rightmost hive. Rarely, he can be found behind the 5-Bee Gate..
Fact: Onett Statue[] requirement: 3. You can jump on the Puppy Bee's tail on the Ticket Tent or the Gifted Photon Bee on the ticket tent and jump on top of the hive if you have enough jump power or speed..
4. You can jump in the Gummy Bee in Gummy Bee Egg Claim, and use the Glider to get on the hives.
Fact: Onett Statue[] requirement: 5. Jump and use glider from the coconut field to get on top of the hives..
Unlike the Onett NPC found in the Bear Gate, he cannot be interacted with.
Dancing Bear / Shadow Bear[]
Shadow Bear
_Main article:Shadow Bear_
Shadow Bear can be found under the platform Onett (NPC) is located on. He looks the same as Tunnel Bear, but he will not kill upon contact and is much bigger. In front of him is a Diamond Egg token you can collect, however, if the player touches the ground for long enough, the player will die. If you have enough speed, you can run across the floor without dying. This makes getting the Diamond Egg a challenge.
If you have enough ping, you can hold jump as the floor only kills you after a set amount of time, which is increased by ping.
Hallway Behind Badge Bearer's Guild[]
The hallway.
The hallway seen from the outside.
There is a hallway behind the Ace Shop that is inaccessible without glitching/cheating, but can be seen inside using ROBLOX's Shift Lock feature. It leads to an entrance to the area (see Honey Void) under the game. It can also be seen by looking at the ceiling of the area. In the test realm, this path was open. This area was blocked off by a transparent wall in the main game, but the hole can still be seen using shift lock.
Honey Void[]
Out of bounds past the Red HQ, towards a large green wedge outside the map, there is a hole. Upon entering the hole, there is a large expanse of flat land. This area, unofficially called the Honey Void, has its own music, known as Hibernation1.
<https://bee-swarm-simulator.fandom.com/wiki/File:Hibernation.ogg>
Bee Hibernation[]
Bees frozen when entering the entrance of the Honey Void.
Something interesting is that bees also appear to freeze or go under hibernation when they first enter the area, as the name of the music suggests. It should be noted that this did not exist for a majority of this area's appearance in the game. However, the bees can occasionally unfreeze if the player goes near a corner, and freeze again as the reach the player.
Strange Drawing[]
Inside the Honey Void, there is a drawing of the game. It sits roughly in the middle of this area. It is completely two dimensional; therefore, it can only be viewed from the front. It depicts a Bear, Windy Bee, Vicious Bee, Coconut Crab, Onett with a Petal Wand and Petal Belt and Beekeeper's Mask, Basic Bee, King Beetle and Stick Bug.
Vector Bee and Tadpole Bee Statues (Level 2)[]
In the same area as the strange drawing in the honey void, there are two bee models of a Tadpole Bee and a Vector Bee. They cannot be interacted with.
The Tadpole and Vector Bee statues.
Windy Bee and Vicious Bee Statues (Level 2)[]
If you go out of bounds to the right of the map, you will see a Vicious Bee and Windy Bee statue that are level 2. They cannot be interacted with.
The Vicious and Windy Bee statues.
Tabby Bee Block (Removed)[]
During the Tabby Bee Update (2018-05-12), there had been sightings of a block with a Tabby Bee image on it outside of the map. It was there along with the Tabby Bee itself to hint players of the code "Meow" (expired) which gave 5 Tickets.
The Tabby Bee block.
Invisible Platform (Removed)[]
There was an invisible platform in the air, above and just in front of the middle hive. To find it, you could use a cannon and the glider to approach the middle hive, and close the glider when you were right over the hive's white platform. This is no longer possible because there are now 6 hives.
A player standing on the invisible platform.
Mysterious Figure (Removed)[]
_Main article:Mysterious Figure_
The Mysterious Figure
The Mysterious Figure, also known as Eggwick from the Egg Hunt 2019 event, was in the Blue Maze to the right of the Festive Bee on the Ticket Tent. After the Egg Hunt 2019 event ended, the statue was removed. Along with the maze, there was 1 Plastic Egg (now a ticket token) and 1 Jelly Beans.
He is the second statue in the game, the first being the Onett statue. The figure has been replaced by a Star Jelly token.
Fact: The Mysterious Figure statistic: ## +5 Pollen Text[].
The +5 pollen text.
This Easter Egg is located outside the map next to the Stump Field. Behind it, there is a text decal written "+5". Since it does not float near the ground, as the area around it does not have collision enabled, it may be necessary to use the glider tool to get close.
Red HQ Room[]
This room is hidden behind a wall in the Red HQ. When it was first added, the room had an unusable Red Extract dispenser. The room had a slight change in the 2021-12-26 update, and another change in the 2022-12-26 update. It cannot be accessed without the use of glitches.
The Red Room from the outside.
Inside the Red Room & entrance to the Red Room.
Red HQ Attic[]
By going out of bounds, a hole on the back of the wall where Red HQ would be can be found. If you fly into it, then you will be inside of the Red HQ's attic.
The inside of Red HQ's attic.